Welcome to the next section of our course.
And in this section we are going to talk about how we can build agents with rag and tool support with
our local large language model.
If you remember, until our last section, we were trying to use our local large language model and
binding all these tools that we created earlier, including custom tools and also the Wikipedia tools
and also playwright tools for that matter.
And then we use these agent to to take the decision based on the query that we ask, or the prompt that
we pass to the large language model.
And then the agent will choose which tool which is appropriate to perform an action.
And then it gives us the response back.
And now in this section we are going to go a level further where we are going to be doing a bit more
operation, where we are going to be doing the or calling the rag as a tool.
So we are going to create a rag tool this time.
If you remember we were discussing about the rag earlier, which is nothing but the retrieval augmented
generation where we can actually extract the data from external files, split them and embed them and
store them into the database.
And then we use this vector database to query, which can also be passed as a reference to our large
language model, which can be retrieved and generate the answer for us from those stored data.
So you already saw those information in our earlier sections of this course, and we are going to go
a level further this time to use these Rag operations as well, along with our playwright tool, which
actually helps us extract the data from any given web page.
And then it is going to use the knowledge that it has acquired from the Rag or the retrieval augmented
generation, like all the documentation and the knowledge it has got.
And then based on both of these knowledge, it is going to give us the response for us.
So you will see that we are going to use quite a lot of different tools this time, and we're going
to empower our local large language model with all the information that it can then use to serve or
help us serve the information that we are looking for.
So now you will see that our local large language model is more powerful because now it has support
to a lot of different tool bindings over here, along with the retrieval augmented generation data.
So it's going to use this vector data store to retrieve the data as well.
And then you can see that there is going to be a lot of potentials and power going to come for this
particular large language model.
So let's say if I'm going to give a page to this particular large language model asking is this page
has got any bias for this particular web page?
Webpage.
So what is going to do is immediately the Q1 model will not have the ability to go and talk to the actual
page, because the given page is an external internet page that it needs to access.
So it will go and ask the agent, and the agent will know that which tool binding can help us extract
the page information or navigate to that particular page.
And now this guy, the the agent is going to invoke the the playwright tool for us.
And based on that particular information, it is going to then, uh, it is going to invoke this particular
tool, and this playwright is going to perform all the action for us, and then it's going to give the
page information to the agent.
And the next operation we asked is, how about, uh, whether the page is talking about any bias information?
Now, the bias information details is something which is already available with this tool that we are
going to be building in this particular section, where it is going to in turn call the, uh, Rag data,
which is something we already have in our earlier sections, which is going to store the external informations
from the PDF file, and it is stored in here in this particular vector data store, which is the data
which has got all the different information.
So we're going to use this data and then we're going to return it back from the tool to the agent.
And then that agent is going to perform the rest of the operation for us to verify if there is a bias
information there or not.
And then it's going to give the information back to the to the customer or to the person who is asking
this particular question.
Look at that.
There is so many things going on over here.
I know this is a lot of different things.
Uh, over here.
This is just like a fun project which I have created, and I wanted to show you how we can utilize all
the potentials and learnings that we have did in our earlier sections of this course.
So this section is going to be really fun.
So I'm quite excited to show you what are the things that you can do in this particular section to make
your agent more powerful and more meaningful, to return you the answer that you're looking for?